Finish clause (#898)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

This section lists all of the features that have been removed, deprecated, added, or extended in different Cypher versions.
Replacement syntax for deprecated and removed features are also indicated.

[[cypher-deprecations-additions-removals-5.19]]
== Neo4j 5.19

=== New features

[cols="2", options="header"]
|===
| Feature
| Details

a|
label:syntax[]
label:functionality[]
label:new[]
[source, cypher, role=noheader]
----
FINISH
----

> | Added the xref:clauses/finish.adoc[FINISH], which defines a query to have no result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| New xref:clauses/finish.adoc[FINISH] clause, which defines a query to have no result.
```

> | Added the xref:clauses/finish.adoc[FINISH], which defines a query to have no result set.

Reviewer 2: "defines a query to have no result", while in line 48 of `modules/ROOT/pages/clauses/index.adoc` it says "defines that a query has no result set"

which one suits FINISH better? use in both cases :)

Author: Both are meant to say the same. There is no "suits better". Question is which is better English? I guess the latter. Agreed?

Reviewer 2: let's go with "defines a query to have no result"
i asked @fiquick for native speaker input (thanks! :) )
